feat: improved getting-started section (#732)
ansys/pyansys-geometry: doc/source/getting_started/docker/windows_container.rst

.. _ref_windows_docker:

> Geometry Service as a Windows Docker container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Geometry service as a Windows Docker container
```

==============================================

.. contents::

.. _ref_running_windows_containers:

> Running Windows Docker containers
> ---------------------------------
> 
> To run the Windows Docker container for the Geometry service, ensure that you follow
> these steps when installing Docker:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Runn the Windows Docker container
----------------------------------

To run the Windows Docker container for the Geometry service, ensure that you follow
these steps when installing Docker:
```
Paragraph is singular container. Changed heading to singular--and used the simple verb form.

#. Install `Docker Desktop <https://docs.docker.com/desktop/install/windows-install/>`_.

> #. When prompted for **Use WSL2 instead of Hyper-V (recommended)**, **UNTICK** this checkbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. When prompted for **Use WSL2 instead of Hyper-V (recommended)**, clear this checkbox.
```

   Hyper-V must be enabled to run Windows Docker containers.

> #. Once the installation finishes, restart your machine, and start Docker Desktop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Once the installation finishes, restart your machine and start Docker Desktop.
```

#. On the Windows taskbar, go to the **Show hidden icons** section, right-click in the Docker
   Desktop app, and select **Switch to Windows containers**.

Now that your Docker engine supports running Windows Docker containers, you can build or install
the PyAnsys Geometry image.

> Build or install the Geometry Service image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build or install the Geometry service image
```
Yippee! This title uses the simple verb tense!

-------------------------------------------

> There are two options for users to install the PyAnsys Geometry image:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two options for installing the PyAnsys Geometry image:
```

> * Downloading it from the :ref:`GitHub Container Registry <ref_windows_docker_ghcr>`.
> * :ref:`Building the Geometry Service Windows container <ref_windows_docker_fromscratch>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Download it from the :ref:`GitHub Container Registry <ref_windows_docker_ghcr>`.
* :ref:`Build the Geometry service Windows container <ref_windows_docker_fromscratch>`.
```
Simple verb tense--and preferred title for second bullet: Build the Windows container for the Geometry service

.. _ref_windows_docker_ghcr:

> GitHub Container Registry

Reviewer: Start this title with a simple verb? "Register the GitHub container"
Vale likely will flag the existing title as not using sentence case.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. note::

    This option is only available for users with write access to the repository or

>     part of the Ansys organization.

Reviewer: I should have commented earlier but I don't understand the "or part of the Ansys organization" portion. Should it be "or who are members of the Ansys organization"?

Author: Yep, I will rephrase it

Once Docker is installed on your machine, follow these steps to download the Windows Docker
container for the Geometry service and install this image.

#. Using your GitHub credentials, download the Docker image from the `PyAnsys Geometry repository <https://github.com/ansys/pyansys-geometry>`_
   on GitHub.

#. Use a GitHub personal access token with permission for reading packages to authorize Docker
   to access this repository. For more information, see `Managing your personal access tokens
   <https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/managing-your-personal-access-tokens>`_
   in the GitHub documentation.

#. Save the token to a file with this command:

   .. code-block:: bash

       echo XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX > GH_TOKEN.txt

> #. Authorize Docker to access the repository. To see the commands to run, click the tab for your OS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Authorize Docker to access the repository and run the commands for your OS. To see these commands, click the tab for your OS.
```

   .. tab-set::

       .. tab-item:: Powershell

           .. code-block:: pwsh

               $env:GH_USERNAME=<my-github-username>
               cat GH_TOKEN.txt | docker login ghcr.io -u $env:GH_USERNAME --password-stdin

       .. tab-item:: Windows CMD

           .. code-block:: bash

               SET GH_USERNAME=<my-github-username>
               type GH_TOKEN.txt | docker login ghcr.io -u %GH_USERNAME% --password-stdin

#. Pull the Geometry service locally using Docker with a command like this:

   .. code:: bash

      docker pull ghcr.io/ansys/geometry:windows-latest

.. _ref_windows_docker_fromscratch:

> Building the Geometry Service Windows container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build the Geometry service Windows container
```
Preferred title would be "Build the Windows container for the Geometry service".

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Geometry service Docker containers can be easily built by following
these steps.

Inside the repository's ``docker`` folder, there are two ``Dockerfile`` files:

> * ``Dockerfile.linux``: this file builds the Linux-based Docker image.
> * ``Dockerfile.windows``: this file builds the Windows-based Docker image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``Dockerfile.linux``: Builds the Linux-based Docker image.
* ``Dockerfile.windows``: Builds the Windows-based Docker image.
```

> Depending on the characteristics of the Docker engine installed in your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the characteristics of the Docker engine installed on your
```

> machine, either one or the other has to be built. For example:

Author: ```suggestion
machine, either one or the other has to be built.
```

> In this guide, focus is set on building the ``Dockerfile.windows`` image.

Reviewer: This guide focuses on building the ``Dockerfile.windows`` image.
```

> In this guide, focus is set on building the ``Dockerfile.windows`` image.

Author: ```suggestion
This guide focuses on building the ``Dockerfile.windows`` image.
```

Prerequisites
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> * Ensure that ``docker`` is installed in your machine.
>   If you do not have ``docker`` available, please refer to
>   :ref:`Running Windows Docker containers <ref_running_windows_containers>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ensure that ``docker`` is installed in your machine.
  If you do not have ``docker`` available, see
  :ref:`Running Windows Docker containers <ref_running_windows_containers>`.
```
Same qujestion about using Docker (proper noun) rather than tagging as a literal.

* Download the `latest Windows Dockerfile <https://github.com/ansys/pyansys-geometry/blob/main/docker/Dockerfile.windows>`_.

* Download the `latest release artifacts for the Windows
  Docker container (ZIP file) <https://github.com/ansys/pyansys-geometry/releases/latest/download/windows-binaries.zip>`_.

> * Move this ``.zip`` file to the location of the Windows Dockerfile previously downloaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Move this ZIP file to the location of the Windows Dockerfile previously downloaded.
```
File extensions should be in all capital letters with no preceding dot. I think I missed this earlier.

> Building the Docker images
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build the Docker images
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

> In order to build your image, follow the next instructions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build your image, follow these instructions:
```

> #. Locate yourself at the folder where the ``.zip`` file and the Dockerfile are placed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Navigate to the folder where the ZIP file and Dockerfile are located.
```

> #. Run the following Docker command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Run this Docker command:
```

  .. code:: bash

     docker build -t ghcr.io/ansys/geometry:windows-latest -f Dockerfile.windows .

> #. Check that the image has been created successfully. You should see an output similar
>    to this one when running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Check that the image has been created successfully. You should see output similar
   to this:
```
Same question about the correctness of my edit as earlier.

  .. code:: bash

     docker images

     >>> REPOSITORY                                               TAG                                IMAGE ID       CREATED          SIZE
     >>> ghcr.io/ansys/geometry                                   windows-******                     ............   X seconds ago    Y.ZZGB
     >>> ......                                                   ......                             ............   ..............   ......

> .. START - Include the common text for launching the service from a Docker Container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. START - Include the common text for launching the service from a Docker container
```

.. include:: ./common_docker.rst

> .. END - Include the common text for launching the service from a Docker Container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. END - Include the common text for launching the service from a Docker container
```

.. button-ref:: index
    :ref-type: doc
    :color: primary
    :shadow:
    :expand:

>     Go back to *Geometry service using Docker*

Reviewer: Question italics again--and whether we need to use the "back" in the label.
